What are you doing?
The team has been
working a lot of
late nights testing
our new algorithm.
Researchers, as you know,
are fueled by pop and pizza.
Well, the lab's starting
to look like a scrapyard.
So are you going to
ban food in the lab?
No, you monster.
I was thinking of
programming a robot to
drive around the lab
and collect empty cans.
That sounds cool.
How would it work?
Well, I think we need
a vision system to
recognize cans,
obstacles, and people.
The robot will also need to build
a map and localize
itself in the lab.
Then we need to write
some servoing routines too.
I'm going to have to
stop you right there.
I think there might be
an easier way to do this.
Let's solve with
Reinforcement Learning.
All right RL. How would
you do it, Martha?
Well, the reward can be
the number of cans
the robot collects.
The agent could simply
learn how to collect
as many cans as possible,
through trial and error.
In principle, it wouldn't
even need a map of the lab.
It can learn everything
from scratch.
Right. That way when
somebody moves
some furniture around,
the robot could adapt
automatically through learning.
In fact, if one of
the students starts drinking
some new wild type
of pop in pink cans,
that would totally break
a pre-learned perception system.
Yes. A Reinforcing Agent
could simply try
collecting the pink cans and find
out itself if they are
worth collecting.
Okay. It sounds like
we're going to need
a good exploration
method and we'll
definitely need
function approximation
if we want to learn from
an on-board camera.
Yeah, and planning so that
the agent can revisit
parts of the lab it
hasn't been to in
a while to check for new cans.
But what about
the Reward Function?
What describes if
the robot was successful?
Well, we could get one
of the students to count
the cans in the bin at
the end of the day.
If there were six cans
in the bin plus six.
No cans, zero reward.
So we'll probably need
a TD-based algorithm to
handle this delayed feedback.
Before we get started,
we better review the basics
of Reinforcement Learning.
Well, the good news is,
everything we've just talked
about will be covered in
our new Coursera specialization
on Reinforcement Learning.
That's amazing. Are the students
really going implement
a can collecting robot?
No, but once they finish
the specialization,
they'll have all the conceptual
tools they need to do so.
Either way, that's
a lot of material.
I think we're going
to need a big team
to cover all that stuff.
A team of RL experts.
What a team.
Join us over the coming
weeks right here in
the RL AI Lab at
the University of Alberta.
Welcome to the Reinforcement
Learning specialization
from the University of
Alberta on Coursera.